Feature/improve schema handler (#25)
AitoDotAI/aito-python-tools: docs/source/changelog.rst

  - :py:func:`aito.client.AitoClient.create_table`, :py:func:`aito.utils.data_frame_handler.DataFrameHandler.convert_df_using_aito_table_schema` and :py:func:`aito.utils.data_frame_handler.DataFrameHandler.convert_file` now also support input of AitoTableSchema object
  - :py:func:`aito.client.AitoClient.query_entries` now returns a list of table entries instead of the JSON response
  - :py:func:`aito.client.AitoClient.query_entries` and :py:func:`aito.client.AitoClient.query_all_entries` now supports the ``select`` keyword to select the fields of an entry

Deprecation
"""""""""""
- The ***SchemaHandler*** is deprecated and will be removed in an upcoming release. To migrate:

  - ***SchemaHandler.infer_aito_types_from_pandas_series*** -> :py:func:`aito.schema.AitoDataTypeSchema.infer_from_samples`
  - ***SchemaHandler.infer_table_schema_from_pandas_data_frame*** -> :py:func:`aito.schema.AitoTableSchema.infer_from_pandas_dataframe`
  - ***SchemaHandler.validate_table_schema*** -> :py:func:`aito.schema.AitoTableSchema.from_deserialized_object`

CLI
^^^

> - Removed the ``database`` command. All the database operations is now expose as command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the ``database`` command. All the database operations are now exposed as follows:
```
